# Inbox

- Here you can write disorganised notes to be categorised later
- Bullet points are useful, but it could be free form text as well
- Sometimes it's better to just get things off your mind quickly, rather than stop to think where it belongs
- But don't let this list get too long
- Move information to more specific documents and link to them.
  - This helps you navigate between documents quickly
  - For example, you can `Cmd`+`Click` this: [[todo]]
- Some notes don't end up making sense the next day
- That's ok, you can just delete them!
  - You can always find them in your git history, if you really need it!


# Functions in math
[What is a Function](https://www.mathsisfun.com/sets/function.html)

A function relates an input to an output.

It is like a machine that has an input and an output.

And the output is related somehow to the input.


  f(x)  	
"f(x) = ... " is the classic way of writing a function.
And there are other ways, as you will see!

# Input, Relationship, Output

We will see many ways to think about functions, but there are always three main parts:

- The input
- The relationship
- The output

## Domains, Codomains, and Ranges
[Domain, Range and Codomain](https://www.mathsisfun.com/sets/domain-range-codomain.html)

## Function composition in math
[Composition of Functions](https://www.mathsisfun.com/sets/functions-composition.html)

# Currying and function composition in programming/JavaScript
[Curry and Function Composition. Note: This is part of the “Composing… | by Eric Elliott | JavaScript Scene | Medium](https://medium.com/javascript-scene/curry-and-function-composition-2c208d774983)

# Props.children

Take some content, wrap it in a component that has a style or whatever you want, and in the wrapper component, pass in `this.props.children`. This will pass down any styles or JavaScript that you want into the child components.

ex:

```jsx
  class VendingMachine extends React.Component {
    render() {
      return (
        <div
          className='VendingMachine'
          style={{ backgroundImage: `url(${vendingMachineImg})` }}
        >
        <Message>
          <h1>hello i am a vending machine. what would you like to eat?</h1>
        </Message>
        <Message>
          <Link to='/soda'>Soda</Link>
          <Link to='/chips'>Chips</Link>
          <Link to='/sardines'>Sardines</Link>
        </Message>
        </div>
      )
    }
  }
```

Then we can make a `Message` Component and pass in the children prop to apply some global styles to the content within the `Message` components in the `VendingMachine`. 

```jsx
  class Message extends React.Component {
    render() {
      // this prop will apply styles in a Message.css 
      // file to all the children
      // in each Message component
      // in the VendingMachine
      return <div className='Message'>{this.props.children}></div>
    }
  }
```

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[todo]: todo "Todo"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"ces"
