# Inbox

- Here you can write disorganised notes to be categorised later
- Bullet points are useful, but it could be free form text as well
- Sometimes it's better to just get things off your mind quickly, rather than stop to think where it belongs
- But don't let this list get too long
- Move information to more specific documents and link to them.
  - This helps you navigate between documents quickly
  - For example, you can `Cmd`+`Click` this: [[todo]]
- Some notes don't end up making sense the next day
- That's ok, you can just delete them!
  - You can always find them in your git history, if you really need it!
- Start Advanced React course by next week [[advanced-react]]
The scope is global when a var variable is declared outside a function.
var is function scoped when it is declared within a function. 
This means that it is available and can be accessed only within that function. 
This means that we can do this within the same scope and won't get an error.
and this also

    var greeter = "hey hi";
    greeter = "say Hello instead";
    var greeter = "hey hi";
    var greeter = "say Hello instead";
var variables can be re-declared and updated
Hoisting of var
Hoisting is a JavaScript mechanism where variables and function declarations are moved to the top of their scope before code execution. 
So var variables are hoisted to the top of their scope and initialized with a value of undefined. 
let can be updated but not re-declared.
Just like  var, let declarations are hoisted to the top.
Unlike var which is initialized as undefined, the let keyword is not initialized. So if you try to use a let variable before declaration, you'll get a Reference Error.
const cannot be updated or re-declared
This behavior is somehow different when it comes to objects declared with const. While a const object cannot be updated, the properties of this objects can be updated. Therefore, if we declare a const object as this:
while we cannot do this:

    const greeting = {
        words: "Hello",
        number: "five"
    } 
we can do this:

    greeting.message = "say Hello instead";
Just like let, const declarations are hoisted to the top but are not initialized.





[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[todo]: todo "Todo"
[advanced-react]: advanced-react "Advanced React"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"ces"
